# Amazon Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall and DNS Firewall Advanced now available in the Asia Pacific (Malaysia) Region

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/12/amazon-route-53-resolver-dns-firewall-advanced-malaysia-region](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/12/amazon-route-53-resolver-dns-firewall-advanced-malaysia-region)

**发布时间:** 2024-12-12

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Amazon Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall and DNS Firewall Advanced now available in the Asia Pacific (Malaysia) Region

Posted on: Dec 12, 2024 

Starting today, you can use Amazon Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall and DNS Firewall Advanced in the Asia Pacific (Malaysia) Region.  
  
Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall is a managed service that enables you to block DNS queries made for domains identified as low-reputation or suspected to be malicious, and to allow queries for trusted domains. In addition, Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall Advanced is a capability of DNS Firewall that allows you to detect and block DNS traffic associated with Domain Generation Algorithms (DGA) and DNS Tunneling threats. DNS Firewall can be enabled only for Route 53 Resolver, which is a recursive DNS server that is available by default in all Amazon Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) and that responds to DNS queries from AWS resources within a VPC for public DNS records, VPC-specific domain names, and Route 53 private hosted zones. DNS Firewall provides more granular control over the DNS querying behavior of resources within your VPCs by letting you create “blocklists” for domains you don’t want your VPC resources to communicate with via DNS, or take a stricter, “walled-garden” approach by creating “allowlists” that permit outbound DNS queries only to domains you specify. With DNS Firewall Advanced, you can also configure rules to alert on or block DNS traffic associated with more advanced DNS threats.  
  
Visit the [AWS Region Table](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services/) to see all AWS Regions where Amazon Route 53 is available. Please visit our [product page](https://aws.amazon.com/route53/resolver-dns-firewall/) and [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/resolver-dns-firewall.html) to learn more about Amazon Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall and its pricing.
