# Amazon Application Recovery Controller zonal shift and zonal autoshift support Application Load Balancers

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/11/amazon-recovery-controller-zonal-shift-autoshift-load-balancers/](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/11/amazon-recovery-controller-zonal-shift-autoshift-load-balancers/)

**发布时间:** 2024-11-22

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Amazon Application Recovery Controller zonal shift and zonal autoshift support Application Load Balancers

Posted on: Nov 22, 2024 

Amazon Application Recovery Controller (ARC) zonal shift and zonal autoshift have expanded their capabilities and now support Application Load Balancers (ALB) with cross-zone configuration enabled. ARC zonal shift helps you quickly recover an unhealthy application in an Availability Zone (AZ), and reduce the duration and severity of impact to the application due to events such as power outages and hardware or software failures. ARC zonal autoshift safely and automatically shifts your application’s traffic away from an AZ when AWS identifies a potential failure affecting that AZ.  
  
All ALB customers with cross-zone enabled load balancers can now shift traffic away from an AZ in the event of a failure. Zonal shift works with ALB by blocking all traffic to targets in the impaired AZ and removing the zonal IP from DNS. You need to first enable your ALBs for zonal shift using the ALB console or API, and then trigger a zonal shift or enabled autoshift via ARC zonal shift console or API. Read this launch blog to see how zonal shift can be used with ALB.  
  
Zonal shift and zonal autoshift support for ALB with cross-zone configuration enabled is now available in all commercial AWS Regions and the AWS GovCloud (US) Regions.  
  
There is no additional charge for using zonal shift or zonal autoshift. To get started, visit the [product page](https://aws.amazon.com/application-recovery-controller/) or read the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/r53recovery/latest/dg/arc-zonal-shift.resource-types.app-load-balancers.html).
