# AWS Cloud WAN simplifies on-premises connectivity via AWS Direct Connect 

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/11/aws-cloud-wan-on-premises-connectivity-direct-connect](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/11/aws-cloud-wan-on-premises-connectivity-direct-connect)

**发布时间:** 2024-11-25

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# AWS Cloud WAN simplifies on-premises connectivity via AWS Direct Connect 

Posted on: Nov 25, 2024 

AWS Cloud WAN now supports native integration with AWS Direct Connect, simplifying connectivity between your on-premises networks and the AWS cloud. The new capability enables you to directly attach your Direct Connect gateways to Cloud WAN without the need for an intermediate AWS Transit Gateway, allowing seamless connectivity between your data centers or offices with AWS Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) across AWS regions globally.  
  
Cloud WAN allows you to build, monitor, and manage a unified global network that interconnects your resources in the AWS cloud and your on-premises environments. Direct Connect allows you to create a dedicated network connection to AWS, bypassing the public Internet. Until today, customers needed to deploy an intermediate transit gateway to interconnect their Direct Connect-based networks with Cloud WAN. Starting today, you can directly attach your Direct Connect gateway to a Cloud WAN core network simplifying connectivity between your on-premises locations and VPCs. The new Cloud WAN Direct Connect attachment adds support for automatic route propagation between AWS and on-premises networks using Border Gateway Protocol (BGP). Direct Connect attachments also supports existing Cloud WAN features such as central policy-based management, tag-based attachment automation and segmentation for advanced security.  
  
The new Direct Connect attachment for Cloud WAN is initially available in eleven commercial regions. Pricing for Direct Connect attachment is the same as any other Cloud WAN attachment. For additional information, please visit [Cloud WAN documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-manager/latest/cloudwan/cloudwan-dxattach-about.html), [pricing page](https://aws.amazon.com/cloud-wan/pricing/) and [blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/simplify-global-hybrid-connectivity-with-aws-cloud-wan-and-aws-direct-connect-integration).
