# Amazon EC2 instances support bandwidth configurations for VPC and EBS

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/12/amazon-ec2-instances-bandwidth-configurations-vpc-ebs](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/12/amazon-ec2-instances-bandwidth-configurations-vpc-ebs)

**发布时间:** 2024-12-13

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Amazon EC2 instances support bandwidth configurations for VPC and EBS

Posted on: Dec 13, 2024 

AWS announces the general availability of Instance Bandwidth Configurations (IBC) for 8th generation, Graviton based instances. With IBC, customers can adjust the VPC and EBS service bandwidth, by up to 25%, on their EC2 instances. When increasing the bandwidth for one of the service, say VPC, the available bandwidth for the other service, EBS, is reduced. IBC does not increase your instances burst bandwidth, packets per second, or IOPS capabilities.  
  
With IBC, AWS is providing customers greater flexibility with the allocation of their bandwidth resources to better optimize their workloads. Before today, EC2 instances were predefined with static bandwidth specifications, but now customers have more control over their resources. For storage and data analytics workloads, customers can use IBC to increase their VPC bandwidth allocation for improved performance replicating data or reading and writing data from services like Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). For database workloads backing up data to EBS, customers can use IBC to increase their bandwidth allocation to improve querying and logging performance.  
  
IBC is available starting with C8g, M8g, R8g, and X8g platforms. It is available in all AWS commercial regions and it comes at no additional cost. To get started and learn more, please see our [EC2 user guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/configure-bandwidth-weighting.html).
