# Amazon VPC IPAM now supports enabling IPAM for organizational units within AWS Organizations

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/11/amazon-vpc-ipam-organizational-units-aws-organizations](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/11/amazon-vpc-ipam-organizational-units-aws-organizations)

**发布时间:** 2024-11-21

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Amazon VPC IPAM now supports enabling IPAM for organizational units within AWS Organizations

Posted on: Nov 21, 2024 

Today, AWS announced the ability for Amazon VPC IP Address Manager (IPAM) to be enabled and used for specific organizational units (OUs) within AWS Organizations. This allows you to enable IPAM for specific types of workloads, such as production workloads, or for specific business subsidiaries, that are grouped as OUs in your organization.  
  
VPC IPAM makes it easier for you to plan, track, and monitor IP addresses for your AWS workloads. Typically, you would enable IPAM for the entire organization giving you a unified view of all the IP addresses. In some cases, you may want to enable IPAM only for parts of your organization. For example, you want to enable IPAM for all types of workloads, except sandbox which is isolated from your core-network and contains only experimental workloads. Or, you want to onboard selected business subsidiaries that need IPAM ahead of others in the organization. In such cases, you can use this new feature to enable IPAM for specific parts of your organization that are grouped as OUs.  
  
Amazon VPC IPAM is available in all [AWS Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services/), including China (Beijing, operated by Sinnet), and China (Ningxia, operated by NWCD), and the AWS GovCloud (US) Regions.  
  
To learn more about this feature, view the service [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/ipam/exclude-ous.html). For details on IPAM pricing, refer to the IPAM tab on the [Amazon VPC Pricing](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/pricing/) page.
