# AWS Cloud Map now supports Service Level Attributes

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/12/aws-cloud-map-service-level-attributes](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/12/aws-cloud-map-service-level-attributes)

**发布时间:** 2024-12-13

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# AWS Cloud Map now supports Service Level Attributes

Posted on: Dec 13, 2024 

AWS Cloud Map now supports service-level attributes, enabling you to store and access information directly at the service level. With AWS Cloud Map, you can define custom names for your application resources, such as Amazon Elastic Container Services (Amazon ECS) tasks, Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances, Amazon DynamoDB tables, or other cloud resources. You can then use these custom names to discover the location of cloud resources from your applications using AWS SDK and authenticated API queries. With service-level attributes, your applications can store and retrieve important service-level information, such as traffic weights during deployments, through a simple API call to AWS Cloud Map. AWS Cloud Map service is a logical group of instances, enabling you to find and connect to resources.  
  
With AWS Cloud Map support for service-level attributes, you can now register key value attributes directly at service level, which were previously stored at the instance level or retrieved through ad-hoc channels like static config files. This feature allows you to discover resources using service-level attributes for various use cases, such as complex traffic routing, setting timeout and retry values, and coordination between services and external integrations. This capability helps you avoid duplicating service level information across instances, simplifying retrieval, updates, and deletion without requiring changes to individual instances.  
  
To learn more, please refer to the AWS Cloud Map [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cloud-map/latest/dg/working-with-services.html). To see all of the Regions where AWS Cloud Map is available, see the [AWS Region table](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services/).
