# AWS announces access to VPC resources over AWS PrivateLink

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/12/access-vpc-resources-aws-privatelink/](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/12/access-vpc-resources-aws-privatelink/)

**发布时间:** 2024-12-01

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# AWS announces access to VPC resources over AWS PrivateLink

Posted on: Dec 1, 2024 

AWS PrivateLink customers can now use VPC endpoints (powered by AWS PrivateLink) to privately and securely access VPC resources. These resources, such as databases or clusters, can be in your VPC or on-premises network, need not be load-balanced, and can be shared with other teams in your organization or with external independent software vendor (ISV) partners.

AWS PrivateLink is a highly available and scalable technology that enables your VPCs to have private unidirectional connection to VPC endpoint services, including supported AWS services and AWS Marketplace services, and now to VPC resources. Prior to this launch, customers could only access or share services that use Network Load Balancer or Gateway Load Balancer. Now, customers can share any VPC resource using AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM). This resource can be an AWS-native resource such as an RDS database, a domain name, or an IP address in another VPC or on-premises environment. Once shared, the intended users can access these resources privately using VPC endpoints. They can use a resource VPC endpoint to access one resource or pool multiple resources in an Amazon VPC Lattice service network, and access the service network using a service network VPC endpoint. There are standard charges for sharing and accessing VPC resources — please see the pricing pages for [AWS PrivateLink](https://aws.amazon.com/privatelink/pricing/) and [VPC Lattice](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/lattice/pricing/).

This capability is available in the following [AWS Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services/): US East (N. Virginia), US East (Ohio), US West (N. California), US West (Oregon), Africa (Cape Town), Asia Pacific (Hong Kong), Asia Pacific (Mumbai), Asia Pacific (Osaka), Asia Pacific (Seoul), Asia Pacific (Singapore), Asia Pacific (Sydney), Asia Pacific (Tokyo), Canada (Central), Europe (Frankfurt), Europe (Ireland), Europe (London), Europe (Milan), Europe (Paris), Europe (Stockholm), Middle East (Bahrain), and South America (Sao Paulo).

To learn more about this capability and get started, please read our [launch blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/securely-share-aws-resources-across-vpc-and-account-boundaries-with-privatelink-vpc-lattice-eventbridge-and-step-functions/) or refer to the [AWS PrivateLink documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/getting-started.html).
