# Amazon CloudFront announces origin modifications using CloudFront Functions 

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/11/amazon-cloudfront-origin-modifications-cloudfront-functions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/11/amazon-cloudfront-origin-modifications-cloudfront-functions)

**发布时间:** 2024-11-21

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Amazon CloudFront announces origin modifications using CloudFront Functions 

Posted on: Nov 21, 2024 

Amazon CloudFront now supports origin modification within CloudFront Functions, enabling you to conditionally change or update origin servers on each request. You can now write custom logic in CloudFront Functions to overwrite origin properties, use another origin in your CloudFront distribution, or forward requests to any public HTTP endpoint.  
  
Origin modification allows you to create custom routing policies for how traffic should be forwarded to your application servers on cache misses. For example, you can use origin modification to determine the geographic location of a viewer and then forward the request, on cache misses, to the closest AWS Region running your application. This ensures the lowest possible latency for your application. Previously, you had to use AWS Lambda@Edge to modify origins, but now this same capability is available in CloudFront Functions with better performance and lower costs. Origin modification supports updating all existing origin capabilities such as setting custom headers, adjusting timeouts, setting Origin Shield, or changing the primary origin in origin groups.  
  
Origin modification is now available within CloudFront Functions at no additional charge. For more information, see the [CloudFront Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/helper-functions-origin-modification.html). For examples of how to use origin modification, see our [GitHub examples repository](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-cloudfront-functions/tree/main/select-origin-based-on-country).
