# Cross-zone enabled Application Load Balancer now supports zonal shift and zonal autoshift

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/11/cross-zone-application-load-balancer-zonal-shift-autoshift](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/11/cross-zone-application-load-balancer-zonal-shift-autoshift)

**发布时间:** 2024-11-22

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Cross-zone enabled Application Load Balancer now supports zonal shift and zonal autoshift

Posted on: Nov 22, 2024 

AWS Application Load Balancer (ALB) now supports Amazon Application Recovery Controller’s zonal shift and zonal autoshift features on load balancers that are enabled across zones. Zonal shift allows you to quickly shift traffic away from an impaired Availability Zone (AZ) and recover from events such as bad application deployment and gray failures. Zonal autoshift safely and automatically shifts your traffic away from an AZ when AWS identifies potential impact to it.  
  
Enabling cross-zone on ALBs is a popular configuration for customers that require an even distribution of traffic across application targets in multiple AZs. With this launch, customers can shift traffic away from an AZ in the event of a failure just like they are able to for cross-zone disabled load balancers. When zonal shift or autoshift is triggered, the ALB will block all traffic to targets in the AZ that is impacted and remove the zonal IP from DNS. You can configure this feature in two steps: First, enable configuration to allow zonal shift to act on your load balancer(s) using the ALB console or API. Second, trigger zonal shift or enable zonal autoshift for the chosen ALBs via Amazon Application Recovery Controller console or API.  
  
Zonal shift and zonal autoshift support on ALB is available in [all commercial AWS Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regional-product-services/), including the [AWS GovCloud (US) Regions](https://aws.amazon.com/govcloud-us/). To learn more, please refer to the [ALB zonal shift documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-integrations.html#zonal-shift).
