# Amazon VPC Lattice now supports IPv6 for management endpoints

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/04/amazon-vpc-lattice-ipv6-management-endpoints/](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/04/amazon-vpc-lattice-ipv6-management-endpoints/)

**发布时间:** 2025-04-30

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Amazon VPC Lattice now supports IPv6 for management endpoints

Posted on: Apr 30, 2025 

Amazon VPC Lattice introduces dual stack support for management API, enabling you to connect using Internet Protocol Version 6 (IPv6), Internet Protocol Version 4 (IPv4), or dual stack clients. Dual stack support is also available when the Amazon VPC Lattice management API endpoint is privately accessed from your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) using [AWS PrivateLink](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc-lattice/latest/ug/vpc-interface-endpoints.html). Dual stack endpoints are made available on a new AWS DNS domain name. The existing Amazon VPC Lattice management API endpoints are maintained for backwards compatibility reasons.  
  
Amazon VPC Lattice, an application networking service that simplifies connecting, securing, and monitoring service-to-service communication. You can use Amazon VPC Lattice to facilitate cross-account and cross-VPC connectivity, as well as application layer load balancing for your workloads. Whether the underlying compute types are instances, containers, or serverless, with Amazon VPC Lattice developers can work with native integration on the compute platform of their choice. With simultaneous support for both IPv4 and IPv6 clients on VPC Lattice endpoints, you are able to gradually transition from IPv4 to IPv6 based systems and applications, without needing to switch all over at once. This enables you to meet IPv6 compliance requirements and removes the need for expensive networking equipment to handle the address translation between IPv4 and IPv6.

To learn more, see the VPC Lattice [user guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc-lattice/latest/ug/what-is-vpc-lattice.html#service-endpoints-specify-endpoints) and [IPv6 on AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/ipv6-on-aws/internet-protocol-version-6.html).
