# Announcing the general availability of Amazon VPC Route Server 

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/04/amazon-vpc-route-server/](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/04/amazon-vpc-route-server/)

**发布时间:** 2025-04-01

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Announcing the general availability of Amazon VPC Route Server 

Posted on: Apr 1, 2025 

AWS announces the general availability of VPC Route Server to simplify dynamic routing between virtual appliances in your Amazon VPC. Route Server allows you to advertise routing information through Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) from virtual appliances and dynamically update the VPC route tables associated with subnets and internet gateway.  
  
Prior to this feature, you had to create custom scripts or use virtual routers with overlay network to dynamically update VPC route tables. VPC Route Server removes the operational overhead of creating and maintaining overlay networks or custom scripts and offers a managed solution for dynamically updating routes in route tables. With VPC Route Server, you can deploy endpoints in your VPC and peer them with your virtual appliances to advertise routes using BGP. The Route Server filters these received routes using standard BGP attributes and propagates the selected routes to the specified route tables. This makes it easy for you to dynamically update routes and quickly mitigate appliance failure or other issues.  
  
VPC Route Server is available in US East (Virginia), US East (Ohio), US West (Oregon), Europe (Ireland), Europe (Frankfurt) and Asia Pacific (Tokyo) AWS Regions.  
  
For more information, see the [VPC Route Server documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/dynamic-routing-route-server.html).  

