# Amazon Route 53 adds public authoritative DNS service to AWS GovCloud (US) Regions

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/04/amazon-route-53-public-authoritative-dns-aws-govcloud-us-regions](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/04/amazon-route-53-public-authoritative-dns-aws-govcloud-us-regions)

**发布时间:** 2025-04-04

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Amazon Route 53 adds public authoritative DNS service to AWS GovCloud (US) Regions

Posted on: Apr 4, 2025 

The Amazon Route 53 authoritative DNS service for public hosted zones is now generally available in the AWS GovCloud (US-East and US-West) Regions. With today’s release, AWS customers and AWS Partners who rely on public DNS for their applications in the AWS GovCloud (US) Regions can now take advantage of most of the features they have come to expect of Route 53 in commercial AWS Regions.  
  
Previously, customers used Route 53 authoritative DNS served from commercial AWS Regions for routing traffic to their applications in the AWS GovCloud (US) Regions. Now, you can serve DNS queries to your public hosted zones from locations within the AWS GovCloud (US) Regions and without dependency on commercial AWS Region accounts. Features include authoritative DNS query logging, DNSSEC signing on AWS GovCloud (US) public hosted zones, and support for all Route 53 routing types except for IP-based routing. It also includes alias records to the following other AWS services: Amazon API Gateway, Amazon S3, Amazon VPC endpoints, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, and Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancers.  
  
Getting started with Route 53 in the AWS GovCloud (US) Regions is easy. All customers in the AWS GovCloud (US) Regions can use Route 53 authoritative DNS via the AWS Management Console and API in the AWS GovCloud (US-West) Region. For more information, visit the Route 53 [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/AboutHZWorkingWith.html) or review migration recommendations in the Route 53 [Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/hosted-zones-migrating.html). For details on pricing, visit section Authoritative DNS on the Route 53 [pricing page](https://aws.amazon.com/route53/pricing/).
