# Amazon EC2 now supports more bandwidth and jumbo frames to select destinations

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/03/amazon-ec2-bandwidth-jumbo-frames](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/03/amazon-ec2-bandwidth-jumbo-frames)

**发布时间:** 2025-03-28

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Amazon EC2 now supports more bandwidth and jumbo frames to select destinations

Posted on: Mar 28, 2025 

Amazon EC2 now supports up to the full EC2 instance bandwidth for inter-region VPC peering traffic and to AWS Direct Connect. Additionally, EC2 supports jumbo frames up to 8500 Bytes for cross region VPC peering. Before today, the egress bandwidth for EC2 instances was limited to 50% of the aggregate bandwidth limit for instances with 32 or more vCPUs, and 5 Gbps for smaller instances. Cross region peering supported up to 1500 bytes. Now, customers can send bandwidth from EC2 between regions or towards AWS Direct Connect at the full instance baseline specification or 5Gbps, whichever is greater and customers can use jumbo frames across regions for peered VPCs.  
  
Customers transferring data between regions or from EC2 to their on-premises network via AWS Direct Connect now have access to the full instance bandwidth capabilities. Before today, customers sending traffic to any destination not in the same region had a lower bandwidth limit. With this change, the lower limit has been removed for destinations between AWS regions and to on-premises through AWS Direct Connect, allowing for faster transfers. Additionally, supporting jumbo frames for peering makes sending large volumes of data faster than before.  
  
This capability is available in all AWS commercial regions, the AWS GovCloud (US) Regions, and the Amazon Web Services China (Beijing) Region, operated by Sinnet and Amazon Web Services China (Ningxia) Region, operated by NWCD. Customers can take advantage of this capability without any additional changes. To learn more about EC2 bandwidth capabilities, please review our [user guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-network-bandwidth.html).
