# AWS Verified Access achieves FedRAMP High and Moderate authorization

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/03/aws-verified-access-fedramp-high-moderate-authorization](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/03/aws-verified-access-fedramp-high-moderate-authorization)

**发布时间:** 2025-03-14

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# AWS Verified Access achieves FedRAMP High and Moderate authorization

Posted on: Mar 14, 2025 

AWS Verified Access is a FedRAMP High authorized service in the AWS GovCloud (US) Regions and a FedRAMP Moderate authorized service in the AWS US East and US West commercial regions. Federal agencies, public sector organizations, and other enterprises with FedRAMP compliance requirements can now leverage AWS Verified Access to enable secure VPN-less access to corporate HTTP, non-HTTP applications, and infrastructure resources. Built based on [AWS Zero Trust](https://aws.amazon.com/security/zero-trust/) principles, you can use Verified Access to implement a work-from-anywhere model with added security and scalability.  
  
AWS Verified Access allows admins to define fine-grained access policies based upon a user’s identity and device posture. It evaluates access for each and every connection request and continuously monitors active connections, terminating connections when security requirements specified in the access policies aren't met. For example, you can centrally define access policies granting Finance applications access only to authenticated users of the Finance group using compliant and managed devices. Further, you can also use Verified Access to enable access to non-HTTP(S) applications and resources such as databases, and SAP and git-repositories running on EC2 instances. Verified Access simplifies your security operations by allowing you to centrally create, group, and manage access policies for all applications and resources with similar security requirements from a single interface.  
  
To learn more about AWS Verified Access, [visit the product page](https://aws.amazon.com/verified-access/).
