# Load Balancer Capacity Unit Reservation for Gateway Load Balancers

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/04/load-balancer-capacity-unit-reservation-gateway-load-balancers](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/04/load-balancer-capacity-unit-reservation-gateway-load-balancers)

**发布时间:** 2025-04-10

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# Load Balancer Capacity Unit Reservation for Gateway Load Balancers

Posted on: Apr 10, 2025 

Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB) now supports Load Balancer Capacity Unit (LCU) Reservation that allows you to proactively set a minimum bandwidth capacity for your load balancer, complementing its existing ability to auto-scale based on your traffic pattern.  
  
Gateway Load Balancer helps you deploy, scale, and manage third-party virtual appliances. With this feature, you can reserve a guaranteed capacity for anticipated traffic surge. The LCU reservation is ideal for scenarios such as onboarding and migrating new workload to your GWLB gated services without the need to wait for organic scaling, or maintaining a minimum bandwidth capacity for your firewall applications to meet specific SLA or compliance requirements. When using this feature, you pay only for the reserved LCUs and any additional usage above the reservation. You can easily configure this feature through the ELB console or API.  
  
The feature is available for GWLB in US East (N. Virginia), US East (Ohio), US West (Oregon), Asia Pacific (Hong Kong), Asia Pacific (Singapore), Asia Pacific (Sydney), Asia Pacific (Tokyo), Europe (Frankfurt), Europe (Ireland), and Europe (Stockholm) AWS Regions. This feature is not supported on Gateway Load Balancer Endpoint (GWLBe). To learn more, please refer to the [GWLB documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/gateway/capacity-unit-reservation.html).
