# AWS Network Manager and AWS Cloud WAN now support AWS PrivateLink and IPv6

**原始链接:** [https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/03/aws-network-manager-cloud-wan-privatelink-ipv6](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2025/03/aws-network-manager-cloud-wan-privatelink-ipv6)

**发布时间:** 2025-03-27

**厂商:** AWS

**类型:** WHATSNEW

---
# AWS Network Manager and AWS Cloud WAN now support AWS PrivateLink and IPv6

Posted on: Mar 27, 2025 

AWS Network Manager and AWS Cloud WAN now support AWS PrivateLink and IPv6 based connectivity to the management endpoint of these services. Using PrivateLink, customers can now access AWS Network Manager or AWS Cloud WAN privately on the AWS network, without going through the public Internet. Additionally, customers can now access these services over IPv6 using dual-stack endpoints.  
  
With AWS Cloud WAN, you can use a central dashboard and network policies to create a global network that spans multiple locations and networks, allowing you to configure and manage different networks using the same technology. The Cloud WAN central dashboard, powered by AWS Network Manager, generates a complete view of the network to help you monitor network health, security, and performance. AWS Network Manager reduces the operational complexity of managing global networks across AWS and on-premises locations. Previously, you could access AWS Cloud WAN and AWS Network Manager using public IPv4 endpoints only. With this launch, you can now access these services’ APIs/CLI privately, without going through the public Internet. Additionally, these services now support IPv6 endpoints.  
  
To learn more about AWS Network Manager, refer [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-manager/latest/tgwnm/what-are-global-networks.html#nm-privatelink), and for AWS Cloud WAN, refer [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-manager/latest/cloudwan/what-is-cloudwan.html#cloudwan-privatelink).
